Natures Aura (#276)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/Mods/Natures_Aura/Natural_Altar.md

# Natural Altar

## Package
```zenscript
mods.naturesaura.Altar
```

## Methods
- **String Name**
- **[IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) input** The altars input.
- **[IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack) output** The altars output.

> - **[IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack/) catalyst** The catalyst block that is placed on one of the four corner blocks, can be null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) catalyst** The catalyst block that is placed on one of the four corner blocks, can be null
```
